Create SNS topic for monitoring and security notifications (#4190) (#4194)
DataBiosphere/azul: UPGRADING.rst

have too many entries in this file.

#4190 Create SNS topic for monitoring and security notifications
================================================================

A new environment variable ``AZUL_NOTIFICATION_EMAIL`` has been added. In

> personal deployments, set this variable to copy its value from ``AZUL_OWNER``.

Reviewer: Confusingly written. It could mean that I need to copy the value manually or that I set it to `{AZUL_OWNER}`.

have too many entries in this file.

#4190 Create SNS topic for monitoring and security notifications
================================================================

A new environment variable ``AZUL_NOTIFICATION_EMAIL`` has been added. In
personal deployments, set this variable to inherit its value from
``AZUL_OWNER``. As always, use the sandbox deployment's ``environment.py`` as a

> model when upgrading personal deployments.

Reviewer: Why so complicated? Interpolating one variable into another isn't "inheritance". Just write what string people need to set the variable to. It's a fixed string: `'{AZUL_OWNER}'`.

> A new environment variable ``AZUL_NOTIFICATION_EMAIL`` has been added. In
> personal deployments, set this variable's value to ``'{AZUL_OWNER}'``. As
> always, use the sandbox deployment's ``environment.py`` as a model when
> upgrading personal deployments.
> 
> Note, ``AZUL_NOTIFICATION_EMAIL`` is only used if ``AZUL_ENABLE_MONITORING`` is
> enabled, which is typically only the case on main deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new environment variable called ``AZUL_NOTIFICATION_EMAIL`` has been added. In
personal deployments, set this variable to ``'{AZUL_OWNER}'``. As
always, use the sandbox deployment's ``environment.py`` as a model when
upgrading personal deployments.

Note that ``AZUL_NOTIFICATION_EMAIL`` is only used if ``AZUL_ENABLE_MONITORING`` is
enabled, which is typically the case on main deployments only.
```

> enabled, which is typically only enabled on main deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enabled, which is typically only the case on main deployments.
```

have too many entries in this file.

#4190 Create SNS topic for monitoring and security notifications
================================================================

A new environment variable called ``AZUL_NOTIFICATION_EMAIL`` has been added. In
personal deployments, set this variable to ``'{AZUL_OWNER}'``. As
always, use the sandbox deployment's ``environment.py`` as a model when

> upgrading personal deployments.

Reviewer: W

Note: The SNS topic and email subscription will only be created for deployments
that have ``AZUL_ENABLE_MONITORING`` enabled, which is typically the case in
main deployments only.

**IMPORTANT**: The SNS topic subscription will be created with a status of
"pending confirmation". Instead of simply clicking the link in the "Subscription
Confirmation" email, you should follow the instructions given during the
``make deploy`` process to confirm the subscription.

Operator
~~~~~~~~

The first time this change is deployed to ``dev``, ``anvildev``, ``prod``, and

> ``anvilprod`` the ``deploy`` job will fail in GitLab due to the confirmation

Reviewer: There is no ``anvilprod`` deployment.

Reviewer: … at the moment, that is. The configs exist but haven't been deployed.

step requiring user input at the terminal. Follow these steps to complete the
deploy::

> 1. Contact the recipients of ``AZUL_NOTIFICATION_EMAIL`` with instructions to

Reviewer: This should precede the deploy and be part of the PR checklist. In general work as much of this as possible into the checklist so that this and the checklist don't give contradictory information.
